C172S-G1000 (Ted v1.2)
-------------------------

.. role:: red
   :class: red

.. role:: everysymbol
   :class: everysymbol

Initial
=======
- Papers - A.R.O.W.
- Control Lock - off
- Mags. - key out
- Mixture - idle cutoff
- Throttle - idle
- Avionics - off
- Fuel Shutoff - on
- Fuel - both
- Master - on
- Fuel - note
- Flaps - down
- Lights/Pitot - test
- Avionics on/off - fans
- Master - off
- Hobbs Time - note

Walkaround
==========
- Fuel/Oil - dip/sample
- Caps/Drains/Vents
- Surfaces/Controls
- Exhaust/Antennas
- Prop/Belt/Air Intake
- Pitot/Static/Stall
- Gear/Tires/Brakes
- Ties/Baggage Door
- Final Walkaround

Pre-Start
=========
- Doors - secure
- Belts/Seat Track
- Brakes - check, set
- Circuit Brkrs. - check
- Passenger - brief
- Beacon - on
- Avionics - off
- Fuel - both

Start
=====
- Stby. Battery - test/arm
- Engine Ind. - no Xs
- Volts - [E>24] [M<1.5]
- Amps - S<0/ann on
- Prime:

  - Mixture - idle cutoff
  - Brakes - secure
  - Master - on
  - Throttle - slight
  - Aux. Pump - on
  - Mixture - prime

    - warm: 0-3 sec
    - cold: 3-5 sec
  - Aux. Pump - off
- Mixture - 3/4 rich
- "Prop Clear!"
- Mags. - start
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Oil Pressure - 30 secs.
- Volts/Amps - [>26] [>0]
- Mixture - lean for taxi

Pre-Taxi
========
- Flaps - up
- Lights - as required
- Avionics - on/set
- GPS - DB date
- Fuel Totalizer - enter
- ATIS - PFD/backup/AP(?)
- Radio - test
- Transponder - squawk
- Check - TC/AI/HSI<->MC
- Clearance - obtain
- Brakes - test

Run-Up
======
- Brakes - set
- Seat Belts - check
- Doors/Windows - secure
- Flight Controls - correct
- Instruments - scan
- Alternate Static - check
- AP - MET/HDG
- Trim - takeoff
- Fuel - on/both
- Hdg./Alt. Bugs
- GPS/Status Bar/Ann. Test
- MFD Range/Track Up
- Comm/Nav/VOR/FP
- Mixture - rich
- Throttle - 1800 RPM
- Mags. - 150, 50
- Engine Inst. - check
- Idle Check
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Mixture - lean
- Lights - as required
- ADSB Handheld - on

Pre-Takeoff
===========
- Abort Plan/Lost Comm.
- Fuel - on/both
- Flaps - 0-10°
- Mixture - rich
- Aux. Pump - off
- Pitot heat - as required
- Review Airspeeds
- Time - note/start

Takeoff
=======
- "Lights, Camera, Action"

  - Mixture/Throttle
- Engine Inst. - green
- Vr - 55 kts
- Vx - 62 kts, Vy - 74 kts

Climb / Cruise
==============
- Cruise Climb - 75-85 kts

  - Flaps - up

- Mixture - lean >3000'

- Flow Check (:everysymbol:`15 min`)

  - Fuel, Trim
  - Flaps, Engine Inst.
  - Mixture, Throttle
  - Master, Mag., Pump

Descent
=======
- Mixture - richen slowly
- Throttle - as required
- Flow Check

Pre-Landing
===========
- ATIS/Rwys & Patterns
- "CCGUMPSF"

  - G: Fuel - on/both
  - M: Mixture - rich
  - S: Seat Belts - secure
  - F: Flaps - as required
- Trim - as required
- Ldg. Light - on
- Approach - 80-65 kts

Post-Landing
============
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Mixture - lean
- Flaps - up
- Pitot Heat - off
- Trim - takeoff
- Lights - as required
- Clearance - obtain

Shutdown
========
- ELT - check (121.5)
- Avionics - off
- Lights - off

  - Beacon - on
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Mags. - off then both
- Mixture - idle cutoff
- Mags. - key out
- Master - off
- Tach Time - note
- Stby. Battery - off

Post-Flight
===========
- ADSB Handheld - off
- Tiedowns/Chocks
- Pitot Cover
- Fuel - switch to L/R
- Gust Lock
- Close Flight Plan
- Hobbs Time - note
- Check Under Seats
- Cabin / Baggage - lock
- Post-Flight Walkaround

Engine Failure
==============
- Short Flow

  - Fuel - on/both
  - Mixture - full/check
  - Electrical Pump - on
  - Alternate Air - on
  - Mags. - check all
- :red:`Glide and Trim`

  - :red:`Speed: 68 kts`
  - :red:`Ratio: 9, 1.48nm/1000ft`
- Wind and Landing Site
- Longer Flow

  - Engine Indicators
  - Short Flow Again

- :red:`No Restart`

  - Fuel - off
  - Mixture - idle cut-off
  - Prop/Throttle - off
  - Mags. - off
  - Master - off
  - Belt and Seat - check
  - Unlatch Door
  - Brace

- Approach - 80/70/65 kts
