DA40-G1000 (Ted Yin v0.8a)
--------------------------

Ground Operations
-----------------

.. role:: red
   :class: red

.. role:: important
   :class: important

.. role:: pump
   :class: pump

.. role:: throttle
   :class: throttle

.. role:: mixture
   :class: mixture

.. role:: prop
   :class: prop

.. role:: everysymbol
   :class: everysymbol

Initial
=======
- Papers - A.R.O.W.
- Controls - free & correct
- Mags. - key out
- Mixture - idle cutoff
- Throttle - idle
- Electrical - off
- Essential Bus - off
- Avionics - off
- Master - on
- Fuel Pump - check
- Fuel - note
- Flaps - check & set T/O
- Lights/Pitot - test
- Master - off
- Hobbs Time - note

Walkaround
==========
- Canopy/Door - check
- Fuel/Oil - test/sample
- Caps/Drains/Vents
- Surfaces/Controls
- Stall Strips/Fairings
- Exhaust/Antennas
- Prop/Air Intakes x3
- Pitot/Static/Stall
- Gear/Tires/Brakes
- Ties/Chocks
- Final Walkaround

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxaqua!80,colback=gruvboxaqua!80}

Pre-Start
=========
- Rear Door - secure
- Rudder Pedals - adjust
- Seat Belts
- Parking/Brakes - test/set
- Circuit Brkrs. - check
- Strobe (ACL) - on
- Avionics - off
- Fuel Selector - least
- Canopy - pos. 1/2
- Passenger - brief

Start
=====
- Prime

  - Mixture - idle cutoff
  - Prop - high RPM
  - Friction - adjust
  - Master Bat. - on
  - Throttle - 1.2"
  - Electric Pump - on
  - Warm

    - Mixture - 1-3 sec
  - Cold

    - Mixture - 3-5 sec
    - Throttle - 0.4"
- "Prop Clear!"
- Mags. - start
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Oil Pressure - 15 secs.
- Electric Pump - off
- Master Alt. - on
- Engine Inst. - no Xs
- Volts/Amps - [25-30] [>0]
- Fuel Pressure - 14-35 psi
- Mixture - lean (peak)

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxorange!80,colback=gruvboxorange!80}

Pre-Taxi
========
- Flaps - UP, then T/O
- Lights - as required
- Avionics - on/set
- GPS - DB date
- Fuel Totalizer - enter
- ATIS - PFD/backup/AP(?)
- Radio - test
- Transponder - squawk
- Check - TC/AI/HSI<->MC
- Clearance - obtain
- Brakes - release/test

Run-Up
======
- Parking Brake - set
- Seat Belts - check
- Canopy/Door - lock
- Door Warning - off
- Flight Controls - correct
- Instruments - scan
- Alternate Static - check
- AP - MET/HDG
- Trim - T/O
- Fuel Selector - fullest
- Hdg./Alt. Bugs
- GPS/Status Bar/Ann. Test
- MFD Range/Track Up
- Comm/Nav/VOR/FP
- Mixture - rich
- Throttle - 2000 RPM
- Cycle Prop x3 - 250-500
- Mags. L/R - 175, 50.
- Alternate Air - check
- Engine Inst. - check
- Idle Check
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Mixture - lean
- Lights - as required
- ADSB Handheld - on

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxblue!80,colback=gruvboxblue!80}

Shutdown
========
- ELT - check (121.5)
- Avionics - off
- Electrical - off

  - ACL Strobes - on
- Throttle - 1000 RPM
- Mags. - off then both
- Mixture - idle cutoff
- Mags. - key out
- Tach Time - note
- Master - off

Post-Flight
===========
- ADSB Handheld - off
- Tiedowns/Chocks
- Pitot Cover
- Gust Lock
- Close Flight Plan
- Hobbs Time - note
- Check Under Seats
- Canpoy/Door - lock
- Post-Flight Walkaround

Flooded Engine
==============
- Electric Pump - off
- Mixture - lean (full aft)
- Throttle - 1/2 position
- Mags. - start
- When engine fires:

  - Throttle - idle
  - Mixture - rich (rapidly)
- Finish up normal start

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxpurple!80,colback=gruvboxpurple!80}

Airspeeds (KIAS)
================

- :red:`Vr` = 59
- Weights

  - 2646/2535/2205/1874 lbs
- :red:`Vg` = 76/73/68/60
- :red:`Vy(Up)` = 76/73/68/60
- :red:`Climb(T/O)` = 67/66/60/54
- Approach Speeds

  - Up - 76/73/68/60
  - T/O - 74/72/66/59
  - LDG - 73/71/63/58

- :red:`Va`

  - MÄM 40-227

    - yes - 111 @ 2284-2646
    - no - 108 @ 2161-2535
  - below 2161/2284 - 94

.. raw:: latex

   \newpage
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxblue!80,colback=gruvboxblue!80}

In-Flight Operations
--------------------

Pre-Takeoff
===========
- Abort Plan/Lost Comm.
- Canopy/Door - lock
- Fuel Selector - fullest
- Flaps - T/O
- :mixture:`Mixture` - rich
- :prop:`Prop` - high RPM
- Pitot Heat - as required
- Review Airspeeds
- Time - note/start

Takeoff
=======
- "Lights, Camera, Action"

  - :pump:`Electric Pump` - on
  - Mixture/Prop/Throttle
- Engine Inst. - green
- Vr - 59; then 67-60 KIAS
- Safe Altitude

  - :prop:`Prop` - 2400 RPM
  - :pump:`Pump` - off
  - Lights - as required

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxaqua!80,colback=gruvboxaqua!80}

Climb
=====
- T/O: Vy = 67-54 KIAS

  - 68 minus 1.8 per 100 lbs under 2646

- Cruise

  - Flaps - UP
  - Airspeed = 76-60 KIAS

- :mixture:`Mixture` - rich

  - >5000 hold const. EGT
- :prop:`Prop` - 2400 RPM
- :throttle:`Throttle` - full
- Engine Inst. - green
- Trim - as required
- High Altitude - :pump:`pump` on

Cruise
======
- Flaps - UP
- :throttle:`Throttle` - 21-24"
- :prop:`Prop` - 1800-2400 RPM
- :mixture:`Mixture`

  - Higher Power - richen
  - Economy: max EGT & <=75%

    - Best: 100°F(55°C) lower
- High Altitude - :pump:`pump` on
- Flow Check (:everysymbol:`15 min`)

  - Trim, Fuel (Switch tanks)
  - Mixture/Prop/Throttle
  - Flaps, Engine Inst.
  - Pump, Mag., Master
- CHT: 150-400°F
- Oil: 165-220°F

Descent
=======
- :mixture:`Mixture` - richen slowly
- :throttle:`Throttle` - as required
- :prop:`Prop` - 1800-2400 RPM
- High Altitude - :pump:`pump` on
- CHT Cool Down

  - <= 50°F(22.8°C) per min.

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxorange!80,colback=gruvboxorange!80}

Pre-Landing
===========
- ATIS/Rwys & Patterns
- "CCGUMPSF"

  - :red:`G`: Fuel Selector
  
    - downwind/fullest
  - :red:`M`: :mixture:`Mixture` - rich
  - :red:`P`: :prop:`Prop` - high RPM
  - :red:`P`: :pump:`Pump` - on
  - :red:`S`: Seat Belts - secure
  - :red:`F`: Flaps - as required

    - T/O <108 KIAS
    - LDG <91 KIAS
- Trim - as required
- Lights - as required
- Approach - 73-58 KIAS

Go Around
=========
- :throttle:`Throttle` - full
- Vy - 67-54 KIAS
- Flaps - T/O
- Safe Altitude

  - :prop:`Prop` - 2400 RPM
  - :pump:`Pump` - off
  - Lights - as required
  - Cruise Climb

Post-Landing
============
- :throttle:`Throttle` - 1000 RPM
- :mixture:`Mixture` - lean
- Flaps - UP
- :pump:`Electric Pump` - off
- Pitot Heat - off
- Trim - T/O
- Lights - as required
- Clearance - obtain

.. raw:: latex
    
   \tcbset{colframe=gruvboxred,colback=gruvboxred}

CO Contamination
================

- Cabin Heat - off
- Ventilation - open
- Emergency Windows - open
- Forward Canopy - partially open (DO NOT lock/unlock :important:`rear door` during flight)

Engine Failure
==============
- Short Flow

  - Fuel Selector - fullest
  - :mixture:`Mixture` - full/check
  - :pump:`Pump` - on
  - Alternate Air - on
  - Mags. - check all
- :important:`Glide and Trim`

  - :important:`Speed: 76-60 KIAS`
  - Windmill: 1:8.8, 1.45nm/1kft
  - Stationary: 1:10.3, 1.7nm/1kft
- Wind and Landing Site
- Longer Flow

  - Engine Inst.
  - Short Flow Again

- Windmill Restart

  - Airspeed >= 70 KIAS
  - :important:`Mags. - both`
  - :mixture:`Mixture` - lean then slowly richen

- Stationary Restart

  - Airspeed >= 80 KIAS
  - Electrical - off
  - Avionics - off
  - Master - on
  - :important:`Mags. - start`


- :important:`No Restart`

  - Fuel Selector - off
  - :mixture:`Mixture` - idle cutoff
  - Mags. - off
  - Master - off
  - Belt and Seat - check
  - Unlatch Door
  - Brace

Engine Fire
===========
- Cabin Heat - off
- Emergency Descent
- Landing is ensured

  - Fuel Selector - off
  - :throttle:`Throttle` - full
  - :pump:`Pump` - off
  - Master - on
  - Emergency Windows - open
- Engine-off Landing

Electrical Fire
===============
- Cabin Heat - off
- Emergency Switch - on
- Master - off
- Emergency Windows - open
- Forward Canopy - partially
- Land ASAP
